Hello, I'm Jim Tapley, the brother of
William Tapley.
A week ago, we did a YouTube
on a painting I did called "Apocalypse
Today".
Since I did that painting, I've been
doing a number of
religious paintings and if you've ever
read the book "Revelation's Unraveled"
you will know that
numerology is a very important part
of the Christian Church and specifically
the Catholic Church.
You have the 3 marking the Trinity.
You have the 4 Gospels: Matthew, Mark,
Luke, and John.
You have the 7
Deadly Sins.  You have the Ten
Commandments.
Numbers are all involved
in the Church.  I think there is
one set of seven that no artist has
ever done
and it occurred to me that I should try
it.  You have
seen or will see the seven words
that Christ said on the cross and I've
done them in sculptures
with just the torso and the head and
I've tried to show
the different expressions for the
different words
that he did say on the cross.  You will
notice that the first one,
he's actually more awake it seems and
more
active, but of course, as the hours went on when he was on the cross,
he became less and less verbal
and of course he ends with "It is finished."
I hope you enjoy these.  I enjoyed doing
them although, I have to tell you,
when I did them, it was very soul
searching
and I felt very close to Christ on the
cross
when I had finished them.  Thank you.
"And when they were come to the place
which is called Calvary, they crucified
him there
and the robbers, one on the right hand
and the other on the left, and Jesus said,
'Father, forgive them
for they know not what they do.'  And one
of those robbers
who were hanged blasphemed him saying,
'If thou be Christ, save thyself
and us.'  But the other answering rebuked
him saying,
'Neither dust thou fear God seeing thou art
under the same condemnation
and we indeed justly for we receive
the due reward for our deeds but this
man
hath done no evil.'  And he said to Jesus,
'Lord, remember me when thou shalt come
into thy Kingdom.'
And Jesus said to him, 'Amen, I say to thee,
this day thou shalt be with me in
paradise.'
Now there stood by the cross of Jesus
his mother and his mother's sister, Mary
of Cleophas and Mary Magdalene.
When Jesus therefore had seen his mother
and the disciple standing whom he loved
he saith to his mother, 'Woman, behold thy
son.'
After that, he saith to the disciple,
'Behold thy mother,' and from that hour,
the disciple took her to his own.
And when the sixth hour was come,
there was darkness over the whole earth
until the ninth hour
and at the ninth hour Jesus cried out
with a loud voice saying,
'Eli, eli, lama sabachthani?'"
Which is being interpreted, "My God,
my God, why has thou forsaken me?"
"Jesus,
knowing that all things were now
accomplished
that the Scripture might be fulfilled
said, 'I thirst.'
Jesus, therefore, when he had taken the
vinegar said,
'It is consummated.'  And bowing his head,
he gave up the ghost.
And the sun was darkened and the veil of
the temple was rent
in the midst and Jesus crying with a
loud voice said,
'Father, into thy hands I commend my
spirit.
It is finished.'"